Added HQ dev FAQ (#29877)
dimagi/commcare-hq: DEV_FAQ.md

# Developer FAQ

This is a starting point for troubleshooting issues that frequently occur once your local environment
is set up and you've started working on a significant code change.

## General Advice

- Use the developers section of the [Dimagi Forum](https://forum.dimagi.com/) for help with issues.

> - Some features are limited to specific software plans. Visit Project Settings > Internal Subscription Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some features are limited to specific software plans. Use the `make_domain_enterprise_level` command
```

Author: nice, I didn't know about that

### Cases + App + Data Dictionary

The `create_case_fixtures` command will add a sample app, a data dictionary, and a set of relevant cases.

## ElasticSearch

ElasticSearch is the data source for reports, exports, and an assortment of parts of other features.
Most issues with data not appearing locally, if you've already done something to create that data, are issues with ElasticSearch.

You can run ElasticSearch continuously, mimicking a production environment, or on an as-needed basis. Either one of these can be simpler,
depending on how much you're working with ES data.

As described in the [dev setup guide](https://github.com/dimagi/commcare-hq/blob/master/DEV_SETUP.md#running-commcare-hq), you can
use `run_ptop` to keep ES continually up to date.

Alternatively, you can run `ptop_reindexer_v2` as needed to sync individual indexes. `ptop_reindexer_v2` works on one index at a time.
Running it without any arguments will list the available indexes. The indexes you're most likely to use:
+ `sql-form` and `sql-case` populate form-based and case-based reports and exports
+ `user` and `group` may be useful, depending on what you're working on

> + `case_search` populates the Case list Explorer and Explore Case Data reports, as well as the case search/claim feature

Reviewer 2: "for those domains with the `CASE_LIST_EXPLORER`, `EXPLORE_CASE_DATA` or `SEARCH_CLAIM` feature flags enabled"

Author: good point, https://github.com/dimagi/commcare-hq/pull/29895
